improve ebpf docs (#113)
pyroscope-io/docs: docs/integration-ebpf.mdx

|:------------:|:------------:|:-----:|:-----:|:-------:|:------:|
| ebpfspy      | `embedded`   |   ✅  |       |         |   ✅   |

> ### Why eBPF integration

Reviewer: Since there is only one "con" of using eBPF that we listed this is less a "why eBPF" integration and more a list of the benefits so I think a title stating that explicitly might be better

```suggestion
### Benefits of using eBPF for continuous profiling
```

The pros of using the eBPF integration are:

> * easy installation, only add the agent on your node, as opposed to instrumenting every single library

Reviewer: What do we mean when we say "node" here? I feel like that is a vague term that means different things for different people and maybe a clearer word could be used

```suggestion
* Easy installation: You can add the agent to your node without making code changes as opposed to adding agent libraries to your code
```

> * have access to kernel-space stacktraces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access to kernel stacktraces: While most agent libraries focus on user-space code performance, eBPF can also give insight into kernel-space code performance
```

> However it has a few downsides:

Reviewer: I initially had "downsides" here but I think tradeoffs sounds more positive

```suggestion
### Tradeoffs of using eBPF for continuous profiling
Because eBPF is still a growing technology, there's a few tradeoffs that you have to make in order use eBPF for profiling your applications
```

> * Only works with interpreted languages

Reviewer: We should explain a couple things:
1. "_What_" only works with interpreted languages? Does eBPf not profile non-interpreted languages? Does it give bad data for non-interpreted languages?
2. we said there were a "few" downsides so I think we should list more than 1

```suggestion
* Only works with interpreted languages
* Requires certain kernel versions
```

> Therefore we recommend an hybrid approach for better results: eBPF to profile the node and specific language instrumentation per application.

Reviewer: Moving this to the next section
```suggestion

```

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting Started with eBPF Profiling
For the reasons mentioned above, we recommend an hybrid approach for better results: eBPF to profile the node and specific language instrumentation per application. The following steps will explain how to get started:

#### Prerequisites for profiling with eBPF
```

> For this to work you'll need

Reviewer: I think when possible we should avoid "this" without context of what "this" is..
```suggestion
For the eBPF integration to work you'll need:
```

> * a [pyroscope server](https://pyroscope.io/docs/installing-pyroscope-overview/#step-1-install-pyroscope-server) that the agent will have access to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [pyroscope server](https://pyroscope.io/docs/installing-pyroscope-overview/#step-1-install-pyroscope-server) where the agent will send profiling data
```

> * a Linux machine with the kernel version >= 4.9 (due to [BPF_PROG_TYPE_PERF_EVENT](https://lkml.org/lkml/2016/9/1/831)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Linux machine with the kernel version >= 4.9 (due to [BPF_PROG_TYPE_PERF_EVENT](https://lkml.org/lkml/2016/9/1/831)).
```

|:------------:|:------------:|:-----:|:-----:|:-------:|:------:|
| ebpfspy      | `embedded`   |   ✅  |       |         |   ✅   |

### Benefits of using eBPF for continuous profiling
The pros of using the eBPF integration are:
* Easy installation: You can add the agent to your node without making code changes as opposed to adding agent libraries to your code
* Access to kernel stacktraces: While most agent libraries focus on user-space code performance, eBPF can also give insight into kernel-space code performance

### Tradeoffs of using eBPF for continuous profiling
Because eBPF is still a growing technology, there's a few tradeoffs that you have to make in order use eBPF for profiling your applications

> * Only works with interpreted languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Doesn't work as well with interpreted languages
* Requires certain kernel versions
```
